SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 32 (#11417)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/developing-apps/development-with-my/how-my-depends-on-project-type.md

## My in Windows Applications and Web Sites  
 `My` exposes only objects that are useful in the current project type; it suppresses objects that are not applicable. For example, the following image shows the `My` object model in a Windows Forms project.  
  

>  ![Diagram that shows the shape of My in a Windows Forms application.](./media/how-my-depends-on-project-type/my-shape-windows-forms-application.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Diagram that shows the My object model in a Windows Forms application.](./media/how-my-depends-on-project-type/my-object-model-windows-forms.png)  
```

  
 In a Web site project, `My` exposes objects that are relevant to a Web developer (such as the `My.Request` and `My.Response` objects) while suppressing objects that are not relevant (such as the `My.Forms` object). The following image shows the `My` object model in a Web site project:  
  

>  ![Diagram that shows the shape of My in a Web application.](./media/how-my-depends-on-project-type/my-shape-web-application.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Diagram that shows the My object model in a Web application.](./media/how-my-depends-on-project-type/my-object-model-web.png)  
```
